dianna places a one-way mirror inside
the observation window to test the
dolphins window and they'll be seeing a
mirror
dolphins don't behave like this staying
in one place and staring if they simply
meet another dolphin this suggests they
understand that what they're seeing
isn't another animal but a reflection
which themselves
one action never normally seen is this
curious Finn wiggling is an example of
what scientists call self-directed
behavior things the Dolphins only do
when they're looking at the mirror other
self-directed behaviors including
looking inside their mouths
and twisting to see their belly
they are using the mirror like a tool to
look at parts of their own bodies they
usually can't see this looks nothing
like what they do when they're socially
interacting with another they do perform
all sorts of odd behaviors much like we
might do in front of the mirror to see
what we look like when we do that new
dance step or when we just want to see
how we look in a new in a new outfit or
what we look like when we do a certain
behavior so it's striking to see these
you